Track 08.09
Grace: Morning, Matt.
How was your weekend?
Matt: It was good, thanks, Grace.
My wife was at work on Saturday,
so I was at home with the children.
I think they were a bit bored.
But we went to a concert in the park yeasterday. There were a lot of people.
Grace: Really? How was the concert?
Matt: It was fun. The bands were very good.
Grace: Was it expensive?
Matt: Well, that was the best thing.
A family ticket was only £10.00!
We had a great day.
There was a lot to see and do.
Anyway, how was your weekend?
Grace: Oh, it was good.
I was in Barcelona.
Matt: Wow!
Was it your first visit to Barcelona?
Grace: No,
my sister moved there four years ago
and I often visit her.
Matt: Was it hot?
Grace: It wasn’t hot,
but it wasn’t very cold either.
On Saturday,
we went to a restaurant on the beach.
We had a lovely meal there,
but the restaurant was empty!
There weren’t any other people.
Matt: What did you do yesterday?
Grace: We went to the National Museum.
It was really interesting.
We saw so many things.
Matt: How much was it?
Grace: It was free. You don’t have to pay to go into some museums on Sunday.